This video is going to go over five very
very important lead generation concepts
that you need to know if you want to
scale to $10 million per year. So
without further ado, let's just get
started. The first is the importance of
having a full and complete lead
generation funnel. Most people will say
stuff like choose one method and master
it. I don't really agree with that at
all. I think you need to have an entire
funnel because it's kind of like
building a vehicle. If you just have
every piece of the vehicle except the
steering wheel, the brakes, and the
door, that basically makes it useless to
you. And it's the same thing with a lead
generation funnel. This one you have on
the screen is designed to solve four
specific problems that everyone has in
any business that deals with leads,
whether that's a software, a service, or
anything else. At the top, we have the
problem of we just don't have enough
traffic, right? That is usually the root
cause of most problems. But we solve
that by having paid ads, by content, by
outreach, and partnerships, which are
the four ways to drive traffic. Anything
you can possibly do is going to fall
under one of those four buckets. And
like I said, it's very important that
you have all four of these for at least
two reasons. The first reason is things
change all the time. Algorithms,
accounts get banned, stuff just matures
or sophisticates, there's new methods,
and if you have all your eggs in one
basket and something changes, you are
effectively going to go to zero. The
second way is to or the second reason
you need this is because each of these
will make the other ones more effective.
So, for example, if someone has seen
your paid ads running and they've viewed
or consumed your content before and now
they randomly get some outreach for you,
they're much more likely to recognize
your name and know and respond versus,
you know, just receiving outreach from
you and treating you as an anonymous
person. Likewise, someone sees your paid
ad on Facebook or Instagram, for
example, and they click on it and they
click on your profile and there's a
bunch of content. They might watch three
or four reels or three or four posts and
they're much more likely to view you
favor favorably and click the link and
take whatever action that you are trying
to get them to take, whether that's a
webinar sign up or call booked or
whatever, then if they clicked on your
profile and it was completely bare. And
there's many, many combinations of these
things. And it's very important to have
all of them because they all feed into
each other. The second problem that most
people have is they just don't have a
way to capture, nurture, and qualify
leads properly. So that's where your
lead magnets come in. You know, maybe
your paid ads or your content goes to a
free course or a download. Then they
receive it and they consume it and they
start getting your email flows. They're
pushed further and further down the
funnel. They'll start getting your
newsletter. Maybe they might join your
community and then get contacted by your
appointment setter, maybe check out your
webinar or whatever it might be. And
you'll have two ways to qualify them in
addition to nurturing them at that
point. Number one, they'll just kind of
consume enough of your stuff where they
say, "Okay, I want to work with this
person. This is for me." And they
self-qualify. And the second way is when
you get them to sign up for all this
stuff, you can ask for information like
website, revenue, whatever qualifiers
that you need. and you can qualify them
manually that way. The third problem
that most people face is that, you know,
all of their clients come from referrals
or networking or that kind of stuff. And
that's great. I love referrals. It's
kind of the best client you can get. But
they're out of your control. Can't scale
them. You can't really just, oh, I need
to get some more referrals today. So, we
need to be able to
drive traffic, capture leads, and
convert cold traffic at scale. The nice
thing about this problem is if we solve
problem number one and two, we have
traffic and we're capturing and
nurturing and qualifying leads. Not all
of our clients are coming from referrals
anymore. So, we just solve that by
default. And the final problem is that
no matter what you do, it's estimated
roughly 3% of people are in market right
now, which means they have a problem,
they know they have a problem, they can
afford it, um they're looking, all that
kind of stuff. The problem that a lot of
people have is that, you know, if only
3% of people are in market at any given
time looking to buy your product or
service, that's 97 people who aren't,
right? So, we can make a lot of money in
some case double or triple the revenue,
but also doubled the profit by having
different offers for different levels.
We might have a digital product that's,
you know, $100 or less. Our entire
funnel might be stacked with affiliate
links. We might be able to refer to
someone who does it cheaper than us and
collect a fee or someone who does an
adjacent service or we might sell a
course to basically repackaging all our
internal training or a program doing
kind of the same thing but with a little
bit more one-on-one help. And those are
all, you know, don't really take any
time to fulfill and they're also, you
know, upwards of 95% margin after the
little software and a little payment
processing fees. So, we really can
direct that 97% of people to other
places. If you don't have a full funnel
like this, like a lot of people will
just have, you know, let's just say
content at the top and then website and
then sales call, you're missing out on a
lot of the big benefits. If you're
trying to scale a service-based
business, this is the kind of thing that
you really want to do, especially in a
B2B business.
The next concept is the infinite cycle
of lead generation. This is a little
chart I made and I'm just going to take
you through. When you get more leads,
you know, you become less needy because
it's just you're abundant. Now, when you
become less needy, it's easier to sell.
When it's easier to sell, you don't have
to take on any nightmare clients that
you can tell are going to be a pain in
the ass from the beginning. And you just
also get more clients. More clients
means more referrals, which means even
more leads. And we're going back to the
top because now you've inverted the
supply and demand.
You can raise prices. Higher prices
means better clients and also means more
margin. More margin can be invested in
better hires. Better hires need means
less time spent working on the business
or in the business and more time spent
working on the business for you. you can
reinvest that extra margin in terms of
money as well as the time in growth and
it gets more leads and this cycle just
keeps going and going and going and
going. Everybody is either on the
positive side of this cycle or on the
negative side. There's not really any in
between. And most people are on the
absolute negative side. And when you're
on the negative side, the opposite is
also true. Less leads means you're more
needy. More needy means harder to sell.
Harder to sell means you have to take on
those nightmare clients because you need
money. Just means less clients overall
and less referrals. If it's really bad,
you might even need to lower prices and
get lower margins and worse hires. More
time is spent babysitting, less time on
growth and less leads. So, you really
want to make sure, especially through
the full funnel, that we're on the
positive side of this cycle.
The next is one that Alex Hermoszi talks
about. It's more and better and then
new. So basically, if you want to grow
and you have something that's working,
just do more of it and just do more and
more and more of it until it stops
working and then do it better and better
and better until you can't possibly do
it any better. And then only then you do
new. I have so many clients and I I'm
also the same over time. Like you just,
oh, this is working. Let's just try
something completely different, right?
Whether that's an ad campaign or a cold
email campaign. If you're sending 5K
cold emails a day and you are getting,
you know, two to three calls instead of,
you know, trying to AB test your script,
the first thing we do is send 50,000
instead. If we are spending 1K a day on
ads that we're getting a, let's just
say, an acceptable CPA on them, whatever
it is, you know, instead of trying to
get some new ad angles, why don't we
just 5x the budget? If we're getting
people from YouTube, why don't we just
instead of two YouTube videos a week, do
seven. You know, this is what you really
need to do. And that's what's going to
make your life easier. It's actually
less, maybe it's more manual leg work to
do more, but it's, you know, less
thought power, less actual important
resources. Cuz one thing can really when
you just do more can multiply into tons
and tons of things. And that's the
concept of leverage which I'm going to
talk about soon. The next one is that
results lag. This should usually be kind
of depending on the price you're
charging. You know, if you're charging a
very little, could be a few days, could
be, you know, 30 days, 60 days, 90 days,
120. And this is a concept that's both
good and bad. And it's usually
plays out poorly in your favor. So the
what I say by that is for every input
you do. So every YouTube video you
create or ad campaign you run or cold
email you do or whatever you know
prospecting
some people might convert right away but
most people are going to go into the
sales cycle. Let's just say that sales
cycle is 120 days. Let's just say that's
true. It's always going to be different.
You can't really simplify it like that
but let's just say that's true. That
means you're going to be posting 120
days of videos, doing cold email and
doing, you know, YouTube, doing Twitter,
doing Instagram,
trying to form partnerships before
anything really takes place. And a lot
of people just get too discouraged and
they just aren't consistent enough to
even get through that 120 days. So, they
just really never see that outcome. So
that's obviously a very bad thing
because you have to discipline yourself
and develop momentum and habits and you
know with the belief that this is going
to work right if you get through that
stage and you know your business is
going well this actually plays out in an
effect that's bad too usually because a
lot of people will get to you know now
I'm generating let's just say 100 leads
a month and I have to do operations I
have to build the business I can't get
any more clients so they either even
slightly decrease the amount of inputs
they put in or they you know cease it
altogether. And the problem with that is
because the results are delayed, they
don't even notice. You know, at first
it's okay, not real difference, but 30
days passes and 60 days passes, 90 days
passes and their pipeline and new lead
generation are completely and utterly
dead. and then they panic and you know
go and go hard on the inputs and then
just they kind of just repeat the cycle
over and over instead of just being
consistent and building systems and
hiring people to buy back your time over
and over and over to kind of keep it up.
So it's very very important that we know
that results lag and it's almost always
a bad thing because it prevents us from
getting started and it also prevents us
from noticing when we are not doing the
right thing.
The final one is I want to talk about
leverage a little bit. So Nibal Ravik
Hunt is a businessman. You can Google
him if you like, but he likes to talk or
he had a great blog post at one point
about the four types of leverage. So we
have media, we have code, we have
capital, and we have labor. For this,
we'll define leverage as kind of the
difference of what you put in versus
what you get out. And the more leverage
that you have both in terms of types of
leverage but also the degree of
leverage, you know, the higher you can
go. This is why some people consummingly
get 10,000 times the result that you can
when you both have 24 hours in a day.
This is why people in finance, for
example, are typically much more rich
than people in, you know, retail. they
just have c infinite capital leverage or
much higher capital leverage versus
people in retail who are working an
hourly wage or something like that. It's
just an example. So for example, why are
these so powerful in terms of leverage?
Like I'm making this YouTube video right
now. I don't know how many views it's
going to get. At a minimum probably
several hundred, maybe a thousand or
2,000 or 3,000. Who knows? I didn't have
to get on a Zoom call with a thousand
people, for example, and explain this
over and over. I just had to record the
video once and then I post it on the
internet and an untold amount of people
are going to see it. Same thing with
newsletters, same thing with short form,
same thing with podcast, same thing with
written. You're basically doing
something once and an undetermined
amount of people are going to see it. Of
course, the better it is, the better you
are at it, the more people will see it.
You'll also accumulate a bigger
following and personal brand, which will
lead to more people. And essentially, if
you could film a YouTube video and 7.5
billion people could see it on Earth,
you'd probably be the most powerful
person in the world. And whatever you
tried to apply that to. Same thing with
code here. Both your funnel, your
software, and AI. When I'm doing cold
email, for example, using a software
like that and sending 50k cold emails a
day, I don't have to sit there and
manually, you know, do that, right? I
just upload the list, upload the script,
and it does it manually. That's an
example of code leverage. There's going
to be an insane example of AI leverage
over, you know, even now, but especially
over the coming years, and it's going to
be very, very good. your funnel. Of
course, you know, at the top, middle,
bottom. You don't need to manually
explain something to people at every
step. They come in through paid ads,
high leverage. They come through content
outreach partnerships. Then they are
nurtured through your system. Then they
are qualified and then they get on a
call. You don't have to individually go
to someone's house, knock on their door,
you know, say, "Do you want to get my
lead magnet?" And then here's okay,
here's my newsletter, and then here's my
stuff. Like, it's all codebased. And
that's high leverage.
The next is capital leverage. And I
usually have three places in here for
this kind of lead generation. One is
paid ads. If you can have a paid ad
funnel where you put $1 in and you get
$2 out, even let's say even more than
that, but $2 out, that is a form of
leverage. You're putting in $1, you're
getting two out. You're getting out way
more than you're putting in. When you
have all of these leverage sources and
all of this kind of stuff, like I said
before, you're going to be inverting the
dynamic of supply and demand. There's
more demand for supply now. So, you're
raising your prices and you're raising
your margins. That's in my opinion the
probably one of the best forms of
leverage is you get all this stuff which
means higher prices. Very, very
powerful. The final one is labor.
Overseas labor. You know, basically you
are hiring someone for 3K a month.
you're getting 10K a month of value out
of them. Same with systems where you
know you have hire someone let's say not
even overseas 10K a month who's a good
employee for you and they're giving out
50k in value from your systems and
training that's a great form of labor
leverage. Then the partnerships you know
if you have a 100 partners you're
basically reaping the fruits of a 100
people's efforts instead of your own.
So, if you really want to grow to a very
very big business, you need to know
these five concepts. In my view, you're
never going to get past a certain level
without it. So, I hope this was valuable
and I'll see you in the next